[Music]
I'm so excited to be back buying things
on and video it videos and be doing
nothing but I have some new hair and for
you ladies to show and to tell you all
about something you would like to hear
that please stay tuned okay so you're
probably wondering why I would crazy the
hair that you just saw is a wig that I
made the hair that I'm about to show you
comes from a company called modern show
hair off of the infamous Aliexpress that
we all know and love so um this is my
way they fit me four bundles and a
closure so I have four bundles
to 28 to 26 and then 24 and a 16 inch
closure this is Peruvian loose leg hair
so this is a wig and I did not Co wash
this hair because I wanted to show you
ladies exactly what it looked like fresh
out the package unraveled and all of
that
now she sent me a body wave closure
because at this moment they do not carry
loose wave closures however all you need
to do is take your curling wand and just
one your closure and your curls will
fall pretty much like this now how I
made this week basically I sewed it of
course on to onto a knit cap
my cap isn't it unlike my first wing if
you ladies all patty
on my Instagram and for those of you who
follow me on snapchat you ladies okay
now patty here patty here is made with a
mesh dome cap and Patty was really big
and as you can see I had to sew the cap
closer and tighter because she was
really big and that's why I like the
knit cap better because I also have in
the back of it adjustable straps here to
make the wig tighter and I also tied it
in elastic bands on to the wig now I'm
going to show you ladies what the wave
look like so I'm going to put it on here
and I also have I have to wait caps on I
do leave my hair out in the front here
just so it will blend better
there we have our league okay now when I
got this hair it came via DHL in this
little pretty pink package and the hair
of course came in the loop in the
infinites little Aliexpress bags now I'm
so far I own I make a weave yesterday
when I got the hair so this is my
initial review / install so when I got
this hair it was soft the number one
thing I did notice going a little bit
more shedding was texting me it was a
little bit more shedding than I would
have had like so I did go ahead and seal
my West on this hair so I did so on West
for the first time in forever as far as
tangling those of course you ladies
always know shitty excuse me tangling is
never really a problem for me I always
hit the little speed bumps I'm so
excited to really just play with his
hair and flat iron and one curl it
because as you know we curly it was
slightly curly wavy textures the girls
tend to stick together a little bit so I
really want to get rid of that but I do
absolutely love this texture ears up
clubs for you ladies as you can see the
luster it's very very nice I a modern
hair modern show hair it makes me one
sec modern hair show but it's my man
show hair did a really good job with
this hair it feels really really nice
it's really light and it's beautiful so
so far so good and for you later on this
is only my second week that I have ever
landed ever in life and I absolutely
love it I'm so proud of myself and the
hair is true to linked actually I want
to say the hair is true to the length
without me even stretching it so when I
do stretch it my hair is like way down
there and of course the back so kudos so
far more natural hair has
great job with sending me some
good-quality
truthful hair so you know you ladies
know I've never had problems or issues
with Aliexpress out also I'm giving the
thumbs up to modern show here at this
point in time so really it's not going
to be much like I said it's just a
initial review / install video about
this hair the hair when I got it it
smelt like hair it didn't smell like
anything bad it didn't smell like
skittles starbursts elbows it smell like
hair so that is pretty much gonna be it
for this review just a little taste a
little nudge-nudge or what is yet to
come with this beautiful week yes I do
not make wigs for anybody at all
maybe after I make one or two more I
might start selling and making wigs but
who knows but you ladies don't forget to
check out modern show hair i'll put
their link and everything in the
description box for this hair as well
and don't forget to follow me on
instagram at brief bougie and for you
lovely ladies you can also follow me on
snapchat if you ladies want to talk to
me or whatever you know snapchats cool
it's fun so you guys can snap me at
break booty as well and with that being
said you ladies have a wonderful day
wherever you are and I will see you
ladies later